.TH osg-incommon-cert-request 1
.SH NAME
osg-incommon-cert-request \- retrieves host and service certificates from the \\
InCommon CA
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B osg-incommon-cert-request
.RI [ OPTION ]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B osg-incommon-cert-request
retrieves host and service certificates from the InCommon IGTF Server CA. 
It requires an Incommon user account authorized as a Department 
Registration Authority to issue InCommon IGTF Server CA certificates  
with SSL auto approval. 
It authenticates the requestor with an InCommon client certificate.
.PP
It allows bulk retrieval of certificates and keys. 
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.BR \-\-version
Show the program's version number and exit.
.TP
.BR \-h, \ \-\-help
Show a help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-\-debug
Write debug output to stdout.
.BR \-t, \-\-test
Testing mode: test connection to InCommon API but does not request certificates.
.TP
.BR \-u, \-\-username
Specify requestor's InCommon username/login. Use the same login credential as \\
InCommon Cert Manager. It is typically an email address.
.TP
.BR \-c, \-\-cert
Specify requestor's user certificate (PEM format).
.TP
.BR \-k, \-\-pkey
Specify requestor's private key (PEM format).
.TP
.BR \-a, \-\-altname
Specify a Subject Alternative Name (SAN) for the requested certificate 
(only works with
.I \-H, \-\-hostname). 
May be specified more than once for additional SANs.
.TP
.BR \-d, \-\-directory
The directory to write the host certificate(s) and key(s).
.TP
.BR \-O, \-\-orgcode
Specify alternative organization and department codes for the InCommon \\
Certificate Service. Defaults are Fermilab\'s codes.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To generate a certificate with no Subject Alternative Names (SANS)
.PP
.RS
.nf
osg-incommon-cert-request -u incommonuser -c certpath.pem -k keypath.pem \\
-H hostname.yourdomain
.fi
.RE
.PP
To generate a certificate with multiple Subject Alternative Names (SANS)
.PP
.RS
.nf
osg-incommon-cert-request -u incommonuser -c certpath.pem -k keypath.pem \\
-H hostname.yourdomain -a hostalt.yourdomain -a hostalt2.yourdomain 
.fi
.RE
.PP
To generate multiple certificates from a hostfile
.PP
.RS
.nf
osg-incommon-cert-request -u incommonuser -c certpath.pem -k keypath.pem \\
-F hostfilepath.txt
.RE
.PP
hostfilepath.txt example 
.PP
.RS
hostname01.yourdomain
hostname02.yourdomain althostname.yourdomain hostname03.yourdomain
hostname04.yourdomain hostname05.yourdomain
.RE
.fi
.RE
.PP
To provide alternative organization and department codes for the InCommon \\
Certificate Service. Codes can be found at the InCommon Cert Manager web \\
interface (https://cert-manager.com/customer/InCommon): \\
.IP \[bu] 2
Organization Code is shown as OrgID under Settings > Organizations > Edit
.IP \[bu]
Department Code is shown as OrgID under Settings > Organizations > \\
Departments > Edit
.PP
.RS
.nf
osg-incommon-cert-request -O 4567,8912 -u incommonuser -c certpath.pem \\
-k keypath.pem -H hostname.yourdomain
.fi
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Jeny Teheran

